Clean up instructor notes and update with feedback from first beta (#84)
datacarpentry/astronomy-python: _extras/guide.md

## Instructor notes

### Overview

> This episode guides learners through analyzing data from a large database. Scientifically, we are identifying stars in GD-1, a stellar stream in the Milky Way (creating Figure 1 in "[Off the beaten path: Gaia reveals GD-1 stars outside of the main stream](https://arxiv.org/abs/1805.00425)" by Adrian Price-Whelan and Ana Bonaca.). The first part of this episode (1-5) shows learners how to prototype a query, starting by querying a subset of the sky we ultimately want and then building up stronger and stronger filters locally. With our filters in place, episode 6 performs the full query remote on the remote database, giving us a dataset to visualize in episode 7. Episode 7 demonstrates best practices and tips and tricks to efficiently and effectively visualize data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This episode guides learners through analyzing data from a large database. Scientifically, we are identifying stars in GD-1, a stellar stream in the Milky Way (creating Figure 1 in "[Off the beaten path: Gaia reveals GD-1 stars outside of the main stream](https://arxiv.org/abs/1805.00425)" by Adrian Price-Whelan and Ana Bonaca). The first part of this episode (1-5) shows learners how to prototype a query, starting by querying a subset of the sky we ultimately want and then building up stronger and stronger filters locally. With our filters in place, episode 6 performs the full query remote on the remote database, giving us a dataset to visualize in episode 7. Episode 7 demonstrates best practices and tips and tricks to efficiently and effectively visualize data.
```

**Timing** Unfortunately these episodes are incredibly cumulative and there is not much that can be cut along the way. 
If you are running short on time, we recommend cutting or stream-lining parts of episode 7 about plotting. It is also possible to stream-line some of the CSV section at the end of episode 5, for instance skip the read back section which demonstrates how extra columns can slip into CSV files.

### Decisions Made
* We explicitly recommend using Jupyter notebooks rather than Jupyter lab as we have found them more reliable across different platforms and they require less up front explanation.

### Introduction

> * Astronomical datasets are getting larger and larger. As a result, the days of downloading a raw image and performing the end to end analysis are numbered. Instead, already reduced data (and simulations) are being stored in databases. If you know how to ask these databases the right questions, they are an incredibly powerful tool. The ability to interact with these large databases is fundamental to the future of astronomy as well as a skill that is highly valued outside of the astronomical community.

Reviewer: I think we can/should remove "As a result, the days of downloading a raw image and performing the end to end analysis are numbered." since it is unlikely that this will happen within the next 10-15 years. I think we could simply say, "As a result, high-level science products are often stored in databases."

Author: What about something like: As a result, astronomical analysis is shifting away from working with raw imaging and towards analyzing already reduced data (and simulations) that are stored in large databases.

* It is recommended that you do not repeat variable names and that you do not modify queries in place. If a student misses a step then they do not have an easy way to determine that they do not have the same code that you have.

* Although learners should have seen functions in the SWC python episode, its always good to reiterate the process of prototyping what you want to do. Then if you find yourself wanting to do it over and over, make it into a function (a good rule of thumb is if you are copy and pasting, then think about whether you should be using a function).

> * Highlight throughout the episode what commands are ADQL specific and what are general SQL commands.

Reviewer: Note: we'll probably want a guide for this if it isn't already clear in the notebook.

Author: I think its what is introduced in Lesson 2: polygon, contains, points, but we should double check

Reviewer: It does list those three.

Author: I think the language is ambiguous enough in episode 1 that its worth listing explicitly, updating now

* Errors will happen throughout the workshop. In an online setting it can be especially useful for learners to share their screen with the class while you troubleshoot together. This gives other learners the opportunity to see how you troubleshoot and to see common errors. However, be aware of the time and do not derail the entire episode if someone is having an edge case issue.

> * Think about how to communicate exercises to learners, especially in an on line setting. In our first beta workshop both instructors and learners were really happy with [hackmd](https://hackmd.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Think about how to communicate exercises to learners, especially in an online setting. In our first beta workshop both instructors and learners were really happy with [hackmd](https://hackmd.io).
```

Author: I can't tell if this entire block is about the spelling of on line (spelling is not my strong suit) or if there is a larger comment that I'm missing

Reviewer: Yes, just on line to online.
